welcome to serious spoilers today i will
share an epic drama movie from 2016
titled silence spoilers ahead watch and
enjoy
over darkness we hear environmental
sounds and then it turns to silence in
sync with the title card we then see
japanese men being tortured by other
japanese man on a mountain side as
father ferreira watches and narrates
their naked bodies are burned with
boiling water from a hot springs using
ladles with holes so that the water
spreads and the torture is more painful
they are then nailed to wooden posts but
father ferreira tells us some of the men
were happy to die this way because they
were being persecuted for being
christians in 17th century feudal japan
and they were happy to become martyrs to
show how strong their beliefs are
it's now 1637
two portuguese jesuits father rodriguez
and father gerp are being read the
letter which is said to be the last
known writing from their mentor father
ferreira they are told by the man
reading father valena that ferreira
eventually apostatized to avoid being
tortured and now lives in japan in an
arranged marriage
the two portuguese priests do not
believe this because father ferreira was
a huge believer of christianity and a
huge influence on everyone he knew
they are being dispatched to discreetly
minister the christians hiding in japan
but now they also want to find out the
truth about father ferreira and clear
his name
christians are no longer allowed into
japan because of all the torture going
on spearheaded by a government official
the inquisitor named enoway
they are taken to a chinese boat which
they'll use to be transported to japan
under the guide of a japanese man named
kishjiro whom they find drunk and ragged
on the floor of the boat
he promises to lead them to the
christians that are hidden although he
claims he is not a christian himself
on the voyage the priests overhear
kishjiro muttering a prayer but when
asked he still denies being christian
the trio eventually makes it to japan
kishiro seeks out christians in the
village and returns with a group who
leads the two priests to a safe house
they continue up a mountain until they
reach a charcoal hut in tomagi near
nagasaki the priests are told to stay
hidden inside if any of the christians
want them to emerge they will hit the
door with a cane twice
if someone approaches without knocking
in the same fashion the priest should
immediately hide in a secret room built
under the floorboards
rodriguez and gerp prove very essential
to all the christians who have had to
live for years without a priest
the japanese christians confess to the
men and they are glad to offer their
guidance despite not speaking the
language and rarely being able to
decipher what they are saying
since the christians aren't allowed to
have anything that represents
christianity rodriguez gives them a
crucifix that he has made himself
and he tears apart his rosary so he can
give them each a beat
kishjiro refuses to accept
he later explains that he was a
christian but when his family was
tortured he denounced his faith
we see in a flashback kishjiro's family
held hostage after being declared
christians one by one they refused to
step on the fumier a representation of
jesus which later leads to them being
burned at the stake but kishjiro does
trample on it denouncing his faith to
avoid death
this reveals why he doesn't consider
himself a christian because he has
betrayed his beliefs
the two missionaries stay hidden in the
tiny hut for a long period of time
they finally get restless and decide to
go outside despite the danger
after some short time they notice a few
people watching from the bottom of the
hill
rodriguez and ger brush back into the
hut and hide under the floorboard
eventually they hear someone at the door
calling for them
the visitors sound like they want
guidance but gerp reminds rodriguez they
can't answer the door for anyone who
doesn't signal is pre-established
still rodriguez trusts the man and
emerges from the hiding spot he learns
that the group that has spotted them are
christians who had heard they were in
the valley and traveled to request
guidance their village goto has kept
their christian beliefs because
authorities have not yet persecuted them
rodriguez becomes the priest for goto
and is happy to listen to confessions
and provide mass
he is content with his work as a priest
for the persecuted japanese but upon
returning to tomoki he learns that a
samurai and his men have been informed
that there are secret christians there
and thus they take hostages until the
villagers agree to betray their religion
a few days pass and the samurai demands
three more hostages
two of the men who are leading
christians volunteer and they convince
kishjiro to be the third hostage since
he is not from the village and thus
won't be persecuted as harshly kishiro
reluctantly agrees the men ask rodriguez
what to do if they're asking to trample
the fumier rodriguez tells them to
trample the three hostages are brought
before a magistrate and told to trample
on the fumier they do so as rodriguez
advised but then they are ordered to
spit on the fumia and to declare that
the blessed virgin is a [ __ ] neither of
the men agree to this but kishjiro is
quick to be blasphemous
he is set free while the other men are
sent off to be tortured the men are laid
out in the sea and when the high tide
comes they are slowly drowned
rodriguez begins to have a crisis of
faith disappointed by the silence of god
despite the agony of his followers
rodriguez and gerp separate rodriguez
takes a boat to a new village but finds
it is now abandoned filled with filth
and wildcats he sees evidence that
someone else is on the trail and that a
fire has recently been lit and put out
eventually he learns that person is
kishiro who swears he was not the one
who betrayed the villagers and hasn't
betrayed rodriguez even though 300
silver coins are being promised for his
capture kishjiro promises to take
rodriguez to a safe place
rodriguez is reluctant to trust him but
does so anyway
after kishiro gives rodriguez salty fish
to eat he complains of thirst
kishjiro leaves to gather water
when he returns he drops the glass jar
but tells rodriguez that there is a
stream nearby where he can drink as much
as he'd like
rodriguez goes to the stream and looks
at his reflection which turns into jesus
face similar to his own ragged visage
he begins to laugh hysterically and then
realizes he is surrounded by officials
kishiro asks for forgiveness for his
betrayal and is given some silver coins
by the persecutors
rodriguez is taken to a village where
some japanese christians are being held
prisoner in a small hut they give him
some food and he begins to mentor the
group
he is kept in his own small hut a sort
of prison made of wood a samurai appears
and tells the peasants their lives will
all be spared if rodriguez apostatizes
rodriguez is brought before a samurai
and they discuss christianity the man
says the japanese do not want
christianity he says that christianity
is not something that can only flourish
in one area like plants it can grow
anywhere
the man points out that japan is a swamp
and plants cannot grow there
rodriguez said it would grow if the
believers weren't being poisoned with
the persecutions and tortures the man
tells him the poison is christianity
rodriguez asks about father ferreira and
is told he did in fact apostatize and
now lives in nagasaki with a japanese
wife in a home that was provided for him
upon converting to buddhism
rodriguez demands to speak to the
inquisitor inoue the man who is
spearheaded the cause to kill all
christians lest they apostatize
he learns that the man he's speaking to
is the inquisitor rodriguez is taken to
a new prison where he meets other
inmates all christians whom he continues
to mentor preaching to them hearing
confessions
the other christian prisoners are then
brought out and told they have to
trample on the fumier to apostatize
they're assured it's only a formality
and it will not tarnish their beliefs to
do so all the men refuse to trample and
are sent back to their prison although
one man is asked to stay behind
rodriguez is relieved none of them were
killed
then a man approaches the remaining
prisoner and quickly slices his head off
his headless body is dragged across the
dirt leaving a trail of blood as
rodriguez and the other prisoners scream
and cry
once again rodriguez begins to doubt god
because of his silence
rodriguez debates with the inquisitor
about the japanese inoue says that if
japan had four concubines should he
persistently pursue the ugly ones
rodriguez tells him christians believe
in monogamy which makes inouye laugh
he admits that christianity isn't
necessarily evil but it has been used
for evil and has ruined other nations
rodriguez is returned to his hut and is
treated well which makes him suspicious
rodriguez is taken to nagasaki where he
sees gerp down on the beach along with
the christians that rodriguez has been
prisoner with
these christians are rolled in straw
wrappings and put onto a boat where they
are then pushed out to sea
rodriguez is told they all apostatized
he wonders why they then aren't set free
he is told the group are all peasant
farmers and it doesn't matter what
happens to them what's more important is
converting a priest like girp to abandon
his faith
rodriguez tries to shout out that gurp
should apostatize to save the people's
lives but he goes unheard
all the christians are slowly drowned
gerp tries to swim to them but drowns
rodriguez suggests being killed himself
but is told they will not make a martyr
of him rodriguez now lives in depression
eventually he's taken to a buddhist
temple to meet someone we flash back to
a man being held upside down into a pit
with his head blocked in by two wooden
boards this man is revealed to be father
ferreira now known as sawano chuan
ferreira tells rodriguez that he now
writes on astronomy and medicine for the
japanese
he is also writing a book denouncing
christianity
ferreira encourages rodriguez to
apostatize and tells him about the pit
we now see in full the method the
japanese used to torture ferreira and
convert him to buddhism a small incision
was made behind his ear and then he was
held upside down over a pit of feces as
the blood slowly dripped down his head
he was kept there for days he also tells
rodriguez that the japanese christians
always had a distorted version of the
religion
they've never accepted the god of
christianity rodriguez points out that
he has seen many japanese die for their
beliefs
ferreira tells him the japanese have
never had a concept of god and never
will
rodriguez will not apostatize and he is
bound to a horse and paraded around the
town
the townspeople berate him
he is encouraged to give up being told
that a lot of the hecklers were once
christians now buddhists
rodriguez is taken to the inquisitor's
house and asked to denounce his faith to
avoid torture but rodriguez refuses
rodriguez is taken into a cell where he
sees laodicean carved into the wall he
spends the night worried about his
impending torture
kishiro arrives and asks to be absolved
for his sins
reluctantly rodriguez does so
father ferreira arrives and tells
rodriguez that he was the one who carved
laudate em into the wall because he was
held captive there before being tortured
in the pit he tells rodriguez that god
was silent in his time of need
rodriguez gets offended when he hears a
loud snoring and screams that the guards
stop being so loud on his fateful night
ferreira tells him that the snores are
actually the sounds of people being
tortured and takes him nearby where he
sees japanese christians hanging upside
down in pits as ferreira had been
rodriguez realizes he has been sitting
by idly while this torture was going on
having mistaken the noise
ferreira mentions the silence of god
throughout rodriguez struggles and tells
him that christ would apostatize for the
villagers being tortured a fumier is
brought out and rodriguez is asked to
trample on it he struggles and then
hears god's voice finally telling him he
was there throughout the silence
suffering alongside him he hears jesus
telling him he must trample that he was
born into this world to share man's pain
hence why he carried his cross rodriguez
steps onto jesus figure and then
collapses
having apostatized he is now given the
same fate as ferreira he is renamed
apostate paul and then spends his time
with ferreira disposing of any christian
artifacts that are discovered upon raids
of homes including those hidden in other
objects so they would go undetected
one of the objects is the crucifix
rodriguez had initially given to a
villager upon arriving in japan
kishiro was found to have a religious
emblem inside a necklace he wears
he says he acquired it from someone else
and didn't know what was in its locket
it is arranged for rodriguez to take
over the estate of a man after he dies
and he is also given a wife and a child
40 years pass and rodriguez spends the
rest of his life in japan as a buddhist
when he dies he is cremated as his
custom in buddhism but while he is being
burned the camera reveals that he was
clutching a confiscated crucifix in his
hand during his death
what did you think of the movie
i want to hear your comments below
thanks everyone for watching
don't forget to subscribe
until the next spoiler